Updating Semgrep timeout docs (#770)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/configuration-reference.md

Do not set `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN` environment variable within the same CI job as `SEMGREP_RULES`.
:::

### `DEFAULT_TIMEOUT`

> Set `DEFAULT_TIMEOUT` to define a custom timeout. The value must be in seconds. The default value is 30 seconds. This timeout refers to the maximum amount of time Semgrep will spend scanning a single file. Dy default, it will attempt to scan each file with this timeout three times; you can control this using `--timeout-threshold`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `DEFAULT_TIMEOUT` to define a custom timeout. The value must be in seconds. The default value is 30 seconds. This timeout refers to the maximum amount of time Semgrep will spend scanning a single file. By default, it will attempt to scan each file with this timeout three times; you can control this using `--timeout-threshold`.
```

Reviewer 2: Building on the previous suggestion. Do not use future tense in docs unless you are referring to specific event in future (see: https://www.notion.so/r2cdev/r2c-technical-communication-style-guide-4d1104e78927460aa8c7624aedd6561f#ca0bfefb2cfb42339cacc8eeb8a3554f) @holdenmcg 

```suggestion
Set `DEFAULT_TIMEOUT` to define a custom timeout. The value must be in seconds. The default value is 30 seconds. This timeout refers to the maximum amount of time Semgrep spends scanning a single file. By default, it attempts to scan each file with this timeout three times; you can control this using `--timeout-threshold`.
```

Example:

```bash

> export DEFAULT_TIMEOUT="60"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export DEFAULT_TIMEOUT="20"
```
Bias towards encouraging them to make it shorter 😅
